#### Main Screen
The main screen has two portions: the left side that contains my name, aspiring career, links to sections, and links to my GitHub and LinkedIn, and the right side that contains my "hero video" and becomes occupied with information when the links for the sections on the left are activated.
The "hero video" is a 30-second video of me typing, lit up by my monitor and the globe display. The video loops every time it ends. The left side has a gradient going from right to left that starts at 0% black and goes to 80% black.
The links to sections can be hovered over to reveal a different style to indicate that it has been hovered. The link can be clicked to reveal not only the information on the right side, but also an extra bold section title. The up and down arrow keys can be used to navigate between the different sections. For the initial open of the website, the About Me section will automatically be 'hovered', possessing its style, but once a section has been selected, then the up and down arrow keys will still hover over a certain section title but once the mouse starts moving, then that 'hovered' style will go away.
For the GitHub and LinkedIn icons, when they are hovered, they should have the same 'hovered' color change as the section links (without the underline of course) and once clicked, they open a new window to the GitHub or LinkedIn, depending on which one was clicked.
#### About Me
The About Me section is quick way for people to get to know me. It has text in bullet points that communicates who I am, what my current occupation is, what classes I've taken, some projects I've built, what I'm looking for, and some fun facts. At the bottom of this section, I have icons for what I've talked about. On the left side is my school's logo and an icon of projects. I also plan to have an icon for full-stack, machine learning, and product management each. The right side has an icon of a map pin, tree, and Instagram (which actually links to my Instagram page - at least anishthebud.mp4 **or** anishthebud.mov).
#### Projects/Experiences
The Projects section is unique from the Experiences section. The content is different on both sections. However, the way they are structured is the same. The right side has buttons for each of the projects/experiences. They are centered and arranged in a 'flex justify-center' pattern. Each button has an image of the project with the title of the project at the bottom.
When a button is clicked on, a smooth animation plays that enlarges the picture, moves the title, and displays text talking about the project in card. The bottom of the card has badges that contain the skills associated with the project. These badges are just simple text with some padding and a rounded border. To go back, there is a back arrow button that plays a smooth animation that returns to the original view of the multiple projects/experiences.
#### Skills
The Skills section has three separate subsections for each of the areas of interest. Each subsection is represented by a button that is vertical with a picture representing the area and the name of that are at the bottom.
When one of these buttons is clicked, a smooth animation opens up the subsection with the skill tree. The name of the area remains at the bottom. At the top left, there is a back arrow that has a smooth animation that returns to the view with three buttons.
The skill tree itself contains a variety of skills that are related to the area. They are built off a hierarchy system. The bottom contains the parent/root skill(s), then that branches off into more skills based on the parent. For example, you could branch into specific technologies based on frontend and backend for full-stack development.
Here are some reference images for what I want this to look like:
#### Credits
The credits section is simple in nature. It says "Thank You" at top with a list of people, institutions, companies, and games that I would like to attribute my success to. At the bottom, I wrote that I built it with the help of Claude Code. At the bottom right, there is a link to the GitHub repository for the personal portfolio, along with a Claude Log showing the messages, prompt, agent interactions that went into building this project.
